hello everyone this is steve garratt
principal at wahala high school we are
traveling south on highway 11 and wanted
to show parents how will do car drop off
for their students so as we travel
toward the new campus you're going to
pass all of these entrances if you are
traveling south on highway 11 traveling
south you will go to the final red light
at the end of campus if you were coming
from the West Union area of course you
would turn at the first red line so
we're traveling past this entrance will
be the student entrance so please do not
turn into the student entrance travel to
the last red light and we're going to
turn right into campus
at the south entrance
when you turn right please remain in the
right lane until you can merge left as
you will see on the video there will
also be parents coming from the West
Union area turning in and they will be
in the left lane your main in the right
lane but when you get an opportunity you
need to merge left as you will see as we
approach the bottom of the hill the
right lane ends and turns into what is
visitor and staff parking please do not
use that area as a student drop off you
will continue around the perimeter road
please watch your speed because it's
easy to gain speed going down this hill
and you'll just stay in the right lane
as you approach the top of this hill you
will turn right
and you will remain in the right lane as
you're dropping off your student please
go as far as you possibly can before you
stop to drop off your student keep
following please do not stop in the left
leg make sure you stop in the right lane
so that traffic can continue and as you
stop you can drop off your student to
the right will be bus drop off this will
be student drop off as you can see our
accessible area is right in front of
where we apart right now and once you
drop off your student you will continue
of course if their cars in front of you
that's why we leave the left lane open
you will go into the left lane but you
will continue back onto the perimeter
road once you come out of that lot
traffic will merge at this point back
into the right lane and you will follow
the perimeter road back to the red light
and I think this will alleviate the
traffic problems we had at the previous
location I hope this video helps if you
have any questions please feel free to
call the school thank you have a great